I think one main misconception is that your that you operate with a sort
of privilege and that you're like born into a life this opportunity
that you just different it's your special I think that's the big
thing I like to believe and I really do feel this way that I'm just
like you are just like anyone else who server with this yes I had a
different opportunity someone told me about a program that this person
did know about someone gave me the opportunity to have this chance
to you know service serve our country that someone else didn't know
about so I think that's the big thing is that your your soul special
and that you're different your like your cut from like a different
cloth or something like that but how big a difference